Let me just say this: It's nothing this side of deplorable, that a certain
Chaim Levine - yeah, that's Chuck's real name - mistook this rock star for
his own selfish exit strategy, bro.  And therefore there's nothing in the
middle. I don't live in the middle anymore. That's where you get
slaughtered. That's where you get embarrassed in front of the prom queen.
And it's just not an option. 'You have the right to kill me, but you do not
have the right to judge me.' Boom. That's the whole movie. That's life ....
That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's genuine. It's
crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody. And if you're a part
of my family, I will love you violently. If you infiltrate and try to hurt
my family, I will murder you violently. And people say, 'Oh, you know...
you have to work through your resentments.' Yeah. No. I'm gonna hold on to
them and they're gonna fuel my attack.  And therefore there's nothing in
the middle. I don't live in the middle anymore. That's where you get
slaughtered. That's where you get embarrassed in front of the prom queen.
And it's just not an option. And if you're a part of my family, I will love
you violently. If you infiltrate and try to hurt my family, I will murder
you violently.

And one of those stupid mottoes, Alex, is 'Don't be special. Be one of us.'
News flash! I am special, and I'll never be one of you! ... There it is. In
fact, a lot of people think the movie's called 'Wild Thing', as they
should. And Alex, try to get your mind around this, as a fellow warrior,
deep in the trenches: Their entire manifesto is built upon complete and
total surrender ... or the concept of complete and total surrender. And you
know, I'm tired ... I'm so tired of pretending like my life isn't perfect
and bitchin' and just winning every second .... And I'm not perfect and
bitchin', and just delivering the goods at every frickin' turn. Yeah, but I
can't use the word 'sober' because that's a term from 'those people', and I
have cleansed myself.   So ... you know ... within that is tremendous
focus, and tremendous clarity, and tremendous peace. I am every character
in between, save for that little weirdo with his guts strapped in, begging
for water. That's not me.